add gatsby installation instructions for environment setup (#19146)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/contributing/docs-contributions.md

- Change directories into the docs site folder: `cd www`
- Install dependencies with Yarn: `yarn install`
- Add the following env variable to an `.env.development` file inside the `www` directory to [enable image placeholders](https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby/tree/master/www#running-slow-build-screenshots-placeholder): `GATSBY_SCREENSHOT_PLACEHOLDER=true`. This will speed up building the docs site significantly!

> - Make sure you have gatsby installed with `gatsby -v`, if not run `npm install -g gatsby-cli`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make sure you have the Gatsby CLI installed with `gatsby -v`, if not run `npm install -g gatsby-cli`
```

> - Make sure you have the Gatsby CLI installed with `gatsby -v`, if not run `npm install -g gatsby-cli`

Author: ```suggestion
- Make sure you have the Gatsby CLI installed with `gatsby -v`, if not run `yarn global add gatsby-cli`
```
